[EV-3692] Replace Policy Recommendation tutorial (#746)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud/network-policy/recommendations/learn-about-policy-recommendations.mdx

---
description: Learn more about policy recommendations.
---

# Learn more about policy recommendations

## Big picture

To use the [policy recommendation feature](policy-recommendations.mdx), you must have traffic between endpoints. In this tutorial we show you how recommendations are generated using flow logs in your cluster, for traffic to/from namespaces, network sets, private network IPs and public domains.

### Configure felix for fast flow logs collection

```bash
kubectl patch felixconfiguration.p default -p '{"spec":{"flowLogsFlushInterval":"10s"}}'
```

### Apply the tutorial YAML, creating the necessary resources

```bash
kubectl create -f {{tutorialFilesURL}}/00-namespace.yaml
```

### Enable Policy Recommendation

1. In the Manager UI left navbar, click on the **Policies** icon
1. Select **Recommendations**
1. Click on **Enable Policy Recommendations**

Wait for the recommendations to be generated. 

**Notes**:

> Unless otherwise configured, recommendations will take at least 2m30s to be generated, time equal to the default [Processing Interval](../../reference/resources/policyrecommendations.mdx#spec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless otherwise configured, recommendations will take at least 2m30s to be generated, which is the default time for [Processing Interval](../../reference/resources/policyrecommendations.mdx#spec).
```
